Add reference to Flax NNX (#21439)
jax-ml/jax: README.md

Multiple Google research groups develop and share libraries for training neural
networks in JAX. If you want a fully featured library for neural network
training with examples and how-to guides, try

> [Flax](https://github.com/google/flax). Check out the new [NNX](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/nnx/index.html) API for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Flax](https://github.com/google/flax) and the new [Flax NNX](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/nnx/index.html) API for a
```
